Wanwan, come back to Zhou's house with me
Di is going to have surgery soon
Plus what happened yesterday
I'm really worried about you
My dad?
Dad, you are quite Huaijin, right?
All these years for this brat
You have suffered so much
Now you should have fun with him haha
Dad is right dad
Why don't you come with us?
Haha, I listen to dolls.
Ok ok I'll go
I'll go, okay, let's go
Let's go dad
There is Huaijin
I don't dare to do it easily
Hahaha
Dad, Hua Jin and I went to try on the wedding dress
There is a park around
You can take Xiaodi to the park for a walk.
Doll you go out
You must stay by Huai Jin's side all the time, you know?
I know. I'm 13.
Dad, let's go first
Okay, okay, Xiao Di is obedient at home, eh?
Hey
Dad is pregnant and so busy
I should be relieved too
Hello